idea that we had was that we were gonna
open up the entirely nonprofit vegan
diner where we'd serve delicious vegan
food that's exactly where I am today I
mean that 100% nonprofit vegan diet the
scam loop is very obvious money from
Unity diner allegedly going to search
which is not even a registered company
or charity they had no intention of
making it not-for-profit unity diner was
incorporated over a year ago and had all
the time to register it as a
not-for-profit which also gives them tax
relief and deductions if you were truly
raising money for animal activism you
would be losing out having it as a
private limited company you would be hit
with high corporation tax on the profits
no one is going to question saintly at
the vegan Jesus I would an vegan but
this is gonna be the seventh video on
this channel questioning the leadership
Wirthlin ed there are some other people
who should have been doing some
questioning there's some other people
should have been doing some Google
searches plant-based news has a history
you might know about they have a history
of accusing me of running a fundraising
scam they didn't do one Google search
they didn't even check my youtube
channel they didn't talk to me they just
made that allegation publicly and
reached tens of thousands of viewers
with it no apology no retraction never
took responsibility plant-based news it
would not have been very difficult for
you to view the little bit of Google
searching to look into the reality of
what it was Earthling it had
incorporated the way this guy Bobby's
perspective 10 since 2016 he had three
years to register as a charity on the
search animal activism hope
which at God setup in 2016 we can see
the donation button on the donation page
as you can see it claims the company is
pursuing status as a UK registered
charity how contrived and convenient
that they make that statement on the
donations page it takes on average 40
days to register as a charity in the UK
they have had three years to do this
search is not even registered at
Companies House therefore there are no
accounts available no records no way of
knowing what the donations are used for
from just one patron page alone he
receives over seven thousand dollars per
month twigs and grass Ltd is a private
company we can see on the Company's
House register that EDD knows exactly
what he's doing
why is his girlfriend even a director
and a share holder total share capital
is hundred shares ed has 25 years his
girlfriend has 25 as well having half
the company is indicative of them
putting up half of the investment this
is highly likely and his claim about a
private investor is covering up them
pocketing donation I do not know if old
Bobby is intentionally lying and
misleading the audience here or if he is
just trying to be a bit mysterious to
make this documentary series last for
four or five or six parts but he is
strangely omitting to mention one more
important name that appears in the
paperwork for the registration of Ed's
private for-profit company now Bobby is
correct it is very significant that this
is a private four
profit restaurant business that's what
it's registered as that it's not a
charity that it's not even a business
with other stated goals or mandates
however mmm inexplicably Bobbie fails to
mention the name Andrew Crumpton and
what the paperwork shows is that there
are a further 50 shares owned in the
name of Andrew Crumpton and if you
google around very briefly you get
various websites related to Andrew
Crumpton being a senior food consultant
at AMC food consulting someone with a
long history in the restaurant business
in the food services business packaged
food products business and yes indeed
this includes non vegan food outright
meat products packaged meat products of
various kinds but anyway so he's a
senior experience person in the in the
food industry and as he says he has a
he's quote a pioneer in the food
industry he understands consumers and
food businesses in equal measure
recognizing the gap in the market and
then trying to fill these gaps sorry I
have no point my reading of the hype
here but that is who andrew Crumpton is
now the next thing that's peculiar is
that you'll see Andrew Crumpton was
appointed as director and then shortly
thereafter this is all within the year
2018 surely thereafter there was the
termination of the appointment of Edward
gaunt as a director and then shortly
after that the termination of the
appointment of lorna node as a director
then we get a confirmation statement
updates then reversal of fortune a
termination of Andrew Crompton the
appointment of Lauren hood the
appointment of edward got
all within the year 2018 so it looks
like the man who was the initial
investor and consultant and who gave
them guidance on setting up the the
organization it doesn't seem that he's a
mysterious person it seems that you
could just read his name off the form
and google of him find out who he was
but it does seem like there was a
struggle to control the future of this
company idea that we had was that we
were gonna open up the entirely non
profits vegan diner 100% nonprofit vegan
diner other than that guys as far as I'm
concerned for this video it's a wrap
there's a huge profound fundamental
difference being running a non-profit
foundation and running a for-profit
company there's a huge difference
between asking people to donate to a
charity and asking people to invest in
or support a business and I'm sure
Earthling at it could have done any of
these things you could have done all of
them simultaneously but from what I can
see it looks like he was dishonest with
the public maybe he was being dishonest
with himself he screwed up I hope an
apology is forthcoming
edie the fact that you made this mistake
doesn't mean that you could never be an
effective vegan activist again just like
in Hollywood if people have a scandal
they knock the dust off their clothes
put on a new pair of shoes and get right
back to the business
I'm sure earthling ed could bounce back
from this scandal but I think the guy
should demonstrate that he's now got a
clue that he's got a clear vision for
what it is he's gonna do in the future
of the vegan movement running a
restaurant is a 25 hour a day business
it takes every hour of the day you can
put into it and then some and that's why
running a restaurant is an absolutely
terrible combination with being a
filmmaker
if Earthling at is gonna be a filmmaker
running a non-for-profit advocacy group
doing outreach and education I don't
even know what this guy is trying to do
I don't know he he vaguely alludes to
all the projects she dreamed of
accomplishing now having enough money to
do them one of those projects is it
filmmaking is it some kind of more
palpable activism lobbying outreach
education whatever it is define it but
the truth is if this restaurant is gonna
operate it's gonna take absolutely all
the time and energy that you possibly
can put into it and I say this with all
due sympathy because I enrolled in
baking college because I was going to
become a vegan Baker we're on a vegan
bakery but I did so with the awareness
the bakery itself would have to be my
activism because all the energy and time
I possibly have would go into that
business it's not like you can run the
business on the side as a miner
and then be doing all these other kinds
of activism and outreach in addition to
that what's even worse though and I've
talked about this many times I did
videos you can check out estimating the
costs involved what's even worse is
running an animal sanctuary it seems
like nobody wants to Google just how
much it costs per year to keep one horse
alive how much it costs per year to keep
one Pig alive it is very very expensive
it is very very time-consuming it's very
very resource intensive and personally I
don't even think it's ethical what
people call a sanctuary is for the most
part just a farm where the animals never
get slaughtered but they're kept in the
same farm conditions that I would
consider inhumane and unethical they're
not running around in the wilderness
free they're not really living like wild
or feral animals they're being kept as
domesticated slaves in a farm eating the
same food living on the same floor being
a plaything for human entertainment
they're still being exploited like farm
animals it's just a farm where the
exploitation never ends or it doesn't
end until the animals died of old age
which also by the way when you look into
it is really really expensive if you're
actually committed to providing hip
replacement surgery for all the pigs
once they get old and their hips start
working stubborn but look even just the
horses having a veterinarian come to
visit or his look you'll see why owning
racehorses is a rich man's game just
running a sanctuary farm would take
absolutely all the money you could put
into it absolutely all the time you can
put into it and probably Earthling and
me these commitments without even doing
a Google search the same way all you
fools including plant-based news
supported earthling ed without even
doing the Google search that Bobby's
perspective did I mean really people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
that
my name is I don't know